The Animation industry has many styles and demanads in both 2D and 3D each year in every industry.
In every industry the animation has many styles and  demands in both 2D and 3D each year.If you have a deep study of animationa and animation
priciples
In every industry the animation has many styles and  demands each year in both 2D and 3D .
If you have a deep knowledge of animation principles, then each slice of software can be viewed as simply a different tool 
for completing what you want , but there’s no  oppose that each 
program has its own advantages that are unique from the others.

Most animators will be challenged to learn whatever software their studio chooses, but if you have the option of picking your own, 
then this is a great place to start before making a choice.
Most of the time it is a great challenged for animators to learn software and studio they chooses,but if you have the idea of 
picking your own ,it a good approch to start working before choice.




For creating 2D animation of any kind, Flash and FlipBook should be the  very first two 
programs you consider. DigiCel’s FlipBook animation software does it all, 
from scanning to digital painting to mattes to lighting and any other novice or veteran 
trick you might need. While most companies boast their software is perfection one year, 
and then curiously have a long list of new features in their yearly update, FlipBook instead 
has remained mostly unchanged in 15 years because it already has everything it needs. If you’re a 
2D animator who wants minimal computer involvement, then FlipBook is a must

Flash and FlipBook are the first two program consider by the animator for creating 2D animation of any kind.DigiCel,s FlipBook animation 
software accomplish form scaning to digital painting to lighting and any other beginner trick you need.while companies boast that their software is perfection for a
 year and then it update to fetch the new features,FlipBook instead unchanged in 15 years because it already everything the animator needs. 



Flash (Adobe) 
If you want to make Web animations but don’t want to do it on paper and scan 
it all in, or if you’re an amateur who just wants to make something quick without 
having to tween frames yourself, or even if you’re a professional animation studio 
who wants to reach a large audience on the Web, then Flash is a great low budget easy 
solution with a lot of options. It’s rarely used to create films or long animations, 
but for something like a short commercial or public service announcement, it’s perfect. 
Google and other huge companies still use it from























F